[MUSIC]
>> Justin Meyer: So here's the exercise,
so we're gonna do this first.
If the method, did I show the method?
The hint is using
Object.prototype.toString.call.
If that seems a little weird,
the reason why we
have people go through this exercise
is because we will be stealing.
This is kind of like this is,
I forget the name for this,
the objects that are kind
of part of JavaScript.
So we're gonna be stealing array's
methods, we'll be using them for
own devices.
Here we're using an Objects toString
method for own devices on other objects.
What is the word?
Mark, help me out.
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Justin Meyer: I've
totally forgotten what's the word for
that is.
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Justin Meyer: It's a phrase for
like what it is called, it's not like,
yeah, I don't remember it.
Okay, I'll look it up,
it's like drawing a blank.
But we do this stuff a lot,
a lot of libraries do this
stuff where they'll steal.
>> Speaker 2: More.
>> Justin Meyer: It's when you like
use place but I'm your own like or
a like array or object but
it's not do you mean like J Crew does it
all over the place to get the name
of it though it's like not.
It's kind of like a duck punching but
it's something that's
there's another term of phrase that
it's called, I forgot it's called.
I have to remember it, this is kind
of a common pattern of stealing
these type of methods but
using them on your own type of objects.
So you wanna introduce it at your simple,
so it kind of you're used to it later.
So any questions about this
exercise before we start?
>> Justin Meyer: No,
all right, so just to recap,
it's weird to think about, but
it's more simple than you might think.
You're really just using this object
prototype toString.call method and
making sure that it
returns object Array and
as long as it does then
you know it's an Array.
And you will be implementing that in here,
so that's your object and you just
want this to return true or false.
>> Speaker 2: [COUGH]
>> Justin Meyer: If this thing
is truly an Array.